! - To fix
1 - Y-offset knob too small, get reset to -5000n, has no effect on the graph, is spamming the console
2 - Auto range has a bug?

#1 - add a status box. Node open. 
#3 - Add a reset button so that all settings are reset to 0. Store the COM port in a cookie. Add a connect / diconnect from NODE button
#4 - Program the arduino to send data at 3KHz
#5a - Use node to pipe real arduino data to the browser
#5b - status showing com open. etc.
#4 - Start plotting real data. Here is a good place to test the time scale knob
#-- Make graph between 0 and 2^16
#-- Make the offset and scaler knobs work
#-- Make the time sclae work
#-- Add an autorange button
#-- Make node talk to Arduino
#-- Allow resistor programming from browser
#-- Make y-axis range from 0->7, get y-axis scale knob to scale the data
#-- !! refresh not changing y scaler?????
#5 - add different load resistors, or buy a potentiometer. Now can verify the offset and y-scale knobs. Vary from 1K to 100K or something
9a - Add freeze and continuous. In freeze then mut be able to zoom on x and y. Add horixontal and vertical scrollers
9c - create auto-ranging in the GUI. Must not let user change resistor until arduino is ready. It should start at 0
-- !!! USE A GPIO to supply the current, not the supply!
7 - Must develop a trigger methodology. First, create a test setup which somehow pulses the current (use PI GPIO?). Continuous or single
8 - Write a trigger function
10 - display average current
#11 - When a knob goes below 0, set its value to 0
12 - Auto scale the y-scale when we have real current numbers. Then can change the knobs to the correct values
#14 - change the y-scale knob to be just one knob whose jump value increases with every 10 clicks or something
15 - use the Gohm or Mohm resistors to characterise the lowest possible readings with my setup
16 - Search for an available web socket
17 - move all "getelements" to global variables
18 - Create a test sequence including
-- a - autoranging
-- b - continuous and freeze

When the basics are complete, do this:
#6 - Try opening the socket, if it fails then show it, give option to try again
7 - place the knobs down the side

Nice to have
1-make the notifys not dissapear until clicked
2-use cookies. Cannot do this if its only a file

-- Push 5V,3V and GND out the back?
-- Measure voltage on both the inputs too?
-- Logic, 4 pins?
-- Make this into a power profiler, that means it must also measure the voltage at one of the pins.
-- Add a huge resistor divider, then buffer it into one of the arduino ADC pins. This will put a numerical value on to the screen

TRIGGER METHOD
-- Plot a single dashed line across the display, it's vertial offset can be controlled by a knob. The knob should show the exact current value of the trigger, not a relative value
-- Add an arrow to the line to show the x-offset value, where the trigger crossing will be plotted.
-- Depending on the value of x-offset store all data. Then when triggered it is possible to plot data from before the trigger
-- Once triggered, the entire window is filled up and the trigger is set back into single - another trigger won't occur until the user instucts it. 
-- Unless trigger is set to repeat, in which case after the window is filled up the trigger is re-set