##1 - Can change phase of the sine and use gui to attenuate on X axis
##2 - remove trash can, only allow dragging from inside the svg. It is harder to have elements being dragged outside
##2a - show an x at top right of every brick on click or on hover

#1 - make circles into radio buttons
#2 - add vertical seperators
#3 - add clk to timing diagram
#4 - add x button to clk on hover and click - hover the whole row and column, allow click and then click trash
#4 - add clk change radio buttons
#5 - add arrow grip points for arrow

#0 - Allow add new row
#1 - Allow change row name
#0 - Get dragging to work
#0.5 - resize row contents after a drag
#0.75 - allow drag further down
#0.875 - remove row
#1 - Add annotations on the left
#3 - allow multiple blocks to be changed sequentially without js error

#1 - Allow annotation resize and adding of text
#1.a - default annotation to be neatly on row1
#1.b - add text to the annotation
#1.c - allow drag-to-resize of annotation
2 - Add arrows
#2.a - Add the arrow above the graph
#2.b - Make the end of the arrow draggable
#2.c - Only allow the arrow to be dropped on a grip
#2.c0 - switch to system where coordinates are found relative to screen. With the arrow, I don't know exactly where the user clicked so the rectangle moves to behind the mouse always
#2.c1 - highlight grips
#2.c2 - move it close to grip if there is one near, but don't require to be dropped on a grip
2.d - Give multiple selections of arrow type (as many as wavedrom)
2.d1 - Straight
2.d2 - 'u', 'n'
2.d3 - 's', flipped 's'
2.d4 - sharp version of d2 and d3 
2.e - Add text into the middle of the arrow
2.f - turn the snapping on or off
3 - Add a title (s)
4 - add sine wave programmability

--clicking a cell needs to change the selected row
--make arrow move whilst dragging. Maybe just redraw the whole SVG? That might be possible

Extras -
1 - make annotations bricks red in selector 

Features - 
x and high z
random curves
good annotations 














------------------ BELOW IS THE OLD TO DO LIST ----------------


-- Stop the squashing of the canvas
-- Add font selector for arrow font
Move canvas to top

4. modify text color and sizes

3. Add arrows
-- add bent arrow option, with slide bar for how bent
-- redraw control panel on arrow delete
-- change arrow color

-- Add a slider for the phase of the sine wave



5. Make the drag bars highter

- Add analog waveforms. Just do one for now, then finish up the other tasks
-- Linear
-- X^2
-- 1/X

- Can swap some innerHTML for appendchild? Also append classes rather than modify style?

- Arrows NEED to snap to I think, to the lines. This could just be rounding on the x-scale. On the y-scale, maybe have an option to snap it to 25%, 50%, 75%?

- Clicking on the canvas causes a redraw 5 times. Woops!

- make the drag bars easier to grab, may need to make them taller and have another div inside with the border. Also fix the height scaling

4. Remove individual shapes

5. make the waveform pretty, incl 100% opacity and nice borders
-- copy wavedrom, add x-axis dividers. Make them variable somehow
-- Allow color choise of strokes
-- Add annotations



1. When a parameter is changed in the control panel then use that parameter as the default for the future
4. getElementById is slow, I read that somewhere, so try to minimize the number of times it is called
5. Draw a nice control panel

At the end of this I need to:
1. Add undo option to everything, and add a redo option. (at this point, probably easiest to try and copy the data structure I'm sure, than making specific undo for each new option)
2. Add redo option
3. Look up all DOM's at time 0. Also minimize DOM lookups
4. When an error message pops up then clear the canvas. Not working at the moment
5. Save the data to a cookie and automatically reload it on entrance
6. debug the loading time without discuss. Make sure using all teh CDN's
7. Add logical expressions?
8. Save their work in a cookie?
2.5. Modify row height with a slider in th emain canvas tab?